---
layout: post
title: 21 things you can do with XSS
description: "because XSS is more than a popup."
modified: 04-01-2019
tags: [xss]
image:
  path: /images/featured/21-things-xss.png
  feature: /featured/21-things-xss.png
---

Simply put, XSS is an underrated vulnerability. Well,  there are a couple of good reasons:
- It's a client side vulnerability
- White hats just need that popup for POC (most of the times)
- Most of the blacks hats don't know enough JS to make money out of XSS
<!--more-->

I mean you can literally impersonate the user, its amazing. There are a lot of  things you can do with XSS which will also make you look cool on the internet. I don't know much but I have listed a few things here to give you an idea.

- **Ad-Jacking** - If you manage to get stored XSS on a website, just inject your ads in it to make money ;)
- **Click-Jacking** - You can create a hidden overlay on a page to hijack clicks of the victim to perform malicious actions.
- **Session Hijacking** - HTTP cookies can be accessed by JavaScript if the HTTP ONLY flag is not present in the cookies.
- **Content Spoofing** - JavaScript has full access to client side code of a web app and hence you can use it show/modify desired content.
- **Credential Harvesting** - The most fun part. You can use a fancy popup to harvest credentials. WiFi firmware has been updated, re-enter your credentials to authenticate.
- **Forced Downloads** - So the victim isn't downloading your malicious flash player from absolutely-safe.com? Don't worry, you will have more luck trying to force a download from the trusted website your victim is visiting.
- **Crypto Mining** - Yes, you can use the victim's CPU to mine some bitcoin for you!
- **Bypassing CSRF protection** - You can make POST requests with JavaScript, you can collect and submit a CSRF token with JavaScript, what else do you need?
- **Keylogging** - You all know what this is.
- **Recording Audio** - It requires authorization from the user but you access victim's microphone. Thanks to HTML5 and JavaScript.
- **Taking pictures** - It requires authorization from the user but you access victim's webcam. Thanks to HTML5 and JavaScript.
- **Geo-location** - It requires authorization from the user but you access victim's Geo-location. Thanks to HTML5 and JavaScript. Works better with devices with GPS.
- **Stealing HTML5 web storage data** - HTML5 introduced a new feature, web storage. Now a website can store data in the browser for later use and of course, JavaScript can access that storage via window.localStorage() and window.webStorage()
- **Browser & System Fingerprinting** - JavaScript makes it a piece of cake to find your browser name, version, installed plugins and their versions, your operating system, architecture, system time, language and screen resolution.
- **Network Scanning** - Victim's browser can be abused to scan ports and hosts with JavaScript.
- **Crashing Browsers** - Yes! You can crash browser with flooding them with….stuff.
- **Stealing Information** - Grab information from the webpage and send it to your server. Simple!
- **Redirecting** - You can use javascript to redirect users to a webpage of your choice.
- **Tab-napping** - Just a fancy version of redirection. For example, if no keyboard or mouse events have been received for more than a minute, it could mean that the user is afk and you can sneakily replace the current webpage with a fake one.
- **Capturing Screenshots** - Thanks to HTML5 again, now you can take screenshot of a webpage. Blind XSS detection tools have been doing this before it was cool.
- **Perform Actions** - You are controlling the browser, can't you feel the power? Got XSS on a social media site? You can send messages, modify information and…..you get the idea.

Next time you find an XSS vulnerability, try submitting an exploit to steal data or stuff as a POC. I am not a bug hunter and I don't know if that will get you paid more but I think it should.

Have a nice day, stay hydrated ^_^
